Blunt Cotton Zebra

medium

# Division by zero and Divide before multiply
## Summary
Solidity's integer division truncates. Thus, performing division before multiplication can lead to precision loss.

If the same bug causes the calculation result to become zero, the division by zero bug also occurs

## Vulnerability Detail
A very common occurrence is getting integer arithmetic wrong. Smart contracts generally express numbers as integers due to the lack of floating-point support. Quite common in financial software anyway, using integers to represent value requires stepping down to small units, in order to allow for sufficient precision. The simple example is expressing values in cents rather than dollars, as it would be impossible to represent $0.5 otherwise. In fact, smart contracts usually step down much further with 18 decimal places being supported by many tokens.

However, what many developers seem to fail to appreciate, is that integer arithmetic can generally lead to a lack of precision when done wrongly. In particular, the order of operations is important. A classic case is calculating percentages. For example, in order to calculate 25 percent, we typically divide by 100 and multiply by 25. Let’s say we wish to calculate 25 percent of 80 using only integers. Expressing this as 80 / 100 * 25 will result in 0, because of rounding errors. The simple mistake here is to perform the division before the multiplication.

Some of the issues are more specific to smart contracts, others are common to all types of programming. However, by far the most common type of issue we detect consists of simple mistakes in the logic of the smart contract. These errors may the result of a simple typo, a misunderstanding of the specification, or a larger programming mistake. They tend to have severy implications on the security and functionality of the smart contract. 

What they all have in common though, is the fact that they can only be detected if the auditor understands the code base completely and has an insight into the project’s intended functionality and the contract’s specification. It is these types of issues that are the reason smart contract audits take time, are not cheap, and require highly experienced auditors. 

 In the constructor of the PoolStorage contract, if the denominator becomes zero, we will encounter a Division by zero error. When does the denominator of the fraction become zero, when the _tickDistance argument is in the range of 887273 to 8388607.

Why does this happen? Because in the getMaxNumberTicks function, division is done before multiplication. As a result, in this case, the numerator of the fraction becomes smaller than the denominator of the fraction, and as a result, it becomes zero, and zero multiplied by two also becomes zero.

Not only does the accuracy of calculations decrease, but the same calculation error and bug causes another bug to occur.

## Impact
Division by zero is a logic error or input error, so reverting the transaction

calculation performs division before multiplication which potentially may cause huge rounding errors (loss of precision)

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/PoolStorage.sol?plain=1#L103
```solidity
maxTickLiquidity = type(uint128).max / TickMath.getMaxNumberTicks(_tickDistance);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/libraries/TickMath.sol?plain=1#L216-L218
```solidity
  function getMaxNumberTicks(int24 _tickDistance) internal pure returns (uint24 numTicks) {
    return uint24(TickMath.MAX_TICK / _tickDistance) * 2;
  }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In the constructor, it is better to first calculate the denominator of the fraction separately and check that it is not zero using require, then calculate the maxTickLiquidity value.

or

Performing multiplication before division is generally better to avoid loss of precision because Solidity integer division might truncate.