Real Seafoam Sparrow

medium

# Lack of Explicit Slippage Handling in `_swapExactInputInternal` Function
## Summary
The `_swapExactInputInternal` function in the provided Solidity contract lacks explicit handling for slippage, which is the potential difference between the expected token price at the time of trade initiation and the actual executed price. Without slippage control, the function may not provide adequate protection against price variations during token swaps.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `_swapExactInputInternal` function's primary purpose is to facilitate token swaps based on the user's specified input amount. While it performs token swaps with precision based on the input amount, it does not incorporate measures to address slippage, which can result from market price fluctuations between the time a trade is initiated and executed.
```solidity
function _swapExactInputInternal(
    uint256 amountIn,
    address recipient,
    uint160 limitSqrtP,
    SwapCallbackData memory data
) private returns (uint256 amountOut) {
    // Token swap logic here
    // ...
    return uint256(-(isFromToken0 ? amount1 : amount0)); // No slippage protection
}
```
In the code snippet above, the function calculates the amount of output tokens precisely based on the input amount without considering potential price changes. It returns the result without accounting for slippage, which can lead to discrepancies between the expected and actual trade outcomes.
## Impact
Users conducting trades using the `_swapExactInputInternal` function may experience unexpected price variations, resulting in suboptimal trade execution and potentially financial losses due to unfavorable token prices.
## Code Snippet
(https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/Router.sol#L176-L186)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Mitigate slippage risk by adding slippage tolerance check; trades execute only if actual slippage remains within the user-specified limit.