Real Seafoam Sparrow

medium

# Execution Order Flaw in unwrapWethWithFee Function
## Summary
The `unwrapWethWithFee` function in the smart contract has a potential issue where the order of operations can lead to a security risk. This issue may allow malicious contracts to exploit the contract and execute unauthorized actions before a critical operation is completed.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `unwrapWethWithFee` function is intended to unwrap Wrapped Ether (WETH) with a fee mechanism. It calculates and transfers a fee to a specified `feeRecipient` and then withdraws the remaining WETH balance to send it to the recipient. The issue lies in the order of these operations.
```solidity
function unwrapWethWithFee(
    uint256 minAmount,
    address recipient,
    uint256 feeUnits,
    address feeRecipient
) public payable override {
    require(feeUnits > 0 && feeUnits <= 1000, 'High fee');

    uint256 balanceWETH = IWETH(WETH).balanceOf(address(this));
    require(balanceWETH >= minAmount, 'Insufficient WETH');

    if (balanceWETH > 0) {
        IWETH(WETH).withdraw(balanceWETH);
        uint256 feeAmount = (balanceWETH * feeUnits) / FEE_UNITS;
        if (feeAmount > 0) TokenHelper.transferEth(feeRecipient, feeAmount);
        TokenHelper.transferEth(recipient, balanceWETH - feeAmount);
    }
}
```
The vulnerability arises because the contract performs the WETH withdrawal (`IWETH(WETH).withdraw(balanceWETH)`) before transferring the fee to the `feeRecipient`. This ordering allows a malicious `feeRecipient` to execute a reentrancy attack by calling back into the `unwrapWethWithFee` function before the fee is transferred.
## Impact
A malicious `feeRecipient` contract could repeatedly call the `unwrapWethWithFee` function before the fee transfer occurs. This can result in unauthorized actions, reentrancy attacks, or the manipulation of the contract's state.
## Code Snippet
(https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/base/RouterTokenHelperWithFee.sol#L18-L35)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Follow the "Checks-Effects-Interactions" pattern in Solidity. Specifically, reorder the operations so that checks and fee transfers are performed before the critical withdrawal operation.