Brief Amethyst Frog

medium

# In the year 2106, AntiSnippingAttackPositionManager will shut down, locking all funds forever
## Summary

All public functions in AntiSnippingAttackPositionManager attempt to cast the current timestamp into a uint32, reverting on overflow.  Thus, all funds in the contract will become permanently locked in February of 2106.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. Bob creates a large position for WETH and some other token Token2 in KyberSwap through an AntiSnippingAttackManager, and saves the key for the address in a USD drive.
2. Bob loses the USB, or HODLs and puts it in his safety deposit box and bequeaths it  to his son Charlie. (Or, if USB dries don't last long enough, prints the key on archival paper.)
3. In 2106, Charlie finds or inherits said USB drive.
4. Charlie looks at the address on the future version of Etherscan and is elated to find it holds a lot of WETH, whose value has grown immeasurably
5. Charlie is quite possibly  taxed for having inherited a lot of WETH
6. Charlie goes to call removeLiquidity to withdraw said WETH (and Token2), but it reverts because the current timestamp has overflowed a 32-bit unsigned int

While it might be easy to ignore things that happen in the year 2106, lots of people today wish people in the 70s thought differently, with the Year 2038 Problem fast approaching. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Year_2038_problem ) It's easy to think all blockchain software running today will be irrelevant in 80 years, but there seems a fair chance that some contracts running today will still be deployed then. Smart contracts run forever and cannot be updated, these contracts are non-upgradeable, and the longest deployed software system, SABRE, has been running continuously since 1960.

In contrast, the block timestamp is also cast to a uint32 in the Pool contract, but it wraps around, and there is no issue in 2106.


## Impact

Permanent loss of funds to those who wait

## Code Snippet

See, e.g.: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/AntiSnipAttackPositionManager.sol#L131 

The implementation of toUint32 reverts on overflow. See https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/libraries/SafeCast.sol#L10

So calling `block.timestamp.toUint32()` will always revert starting in 2106, 

Contrast this with  PoolStorage._blockTimestamp(), which wraps on overflow. https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/PoolStorage.sol#L227

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use a uint64.