Gigantic Cherry Toad

high

# Reinvestment can be sabotaged by large deposit and withdraw
## Summary
The `Pool.sol` contract allows users to deposit (mint) assets which at any time can be burnt. The `deltaL` (that determine the amount of `qty0` and `qty1` to be transferred to the depositor) [is calculated](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/Pool.sol#L279) based on quantity of the user, reinvestL and total supply of reinvestment tokens at the exact time of the `burnRTokens()` execution. By sandwiching between a large mint or burn, an attacker can reduce the amount of `deltaL`. This attack costs them zero tokens, as in the TKN in == TKN out. They could profit from this if they already have a large amount of tokens deposited, because these untransferred reinvestment token tokens will get distributed to future `burnRTokens`.


## Vulnerability Detail
Attack Scenario:

1. **Front-run:** Attacker see a transaction in the transaction pool where a user is trying to burn rTokens. Before this transaction gets confirmed, Attacker send a transaction with a higher gas price to deposit a large amount of tokens. Attacker transaction will get confirmed first and the `totalSupply()` of rTokens would increase significantly.

2. **Original Transaction Executes:** Now, when the user's `burnRTokens` transaction executes, the amount of underlying tokens they receive would be based on the increased `totalSupply()`. This might result in them receiving less than they expected due to attacker front-running deposit.

3. **Back-run:** After the user's transaction is confirmed, Attacker send another transaction (again with a higher gas price) to withdraw Attacker initial large deposit. This leaves the pool in roughly the same state as before, but now the Attacker potentially manipulated the user's burn transaction to his advantage.


## Impact
The depositors will receive innocent amounts of token0 and token1.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/Pool.sol#L260-L293

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/Pool.sol#L279


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Give a time delay between mint (deposit) and burn (withdraw).