Radiant Fuchsia Snake

medium

# Governance profits unfairly if there is a fee and pool is snip attacked
## Summary

When a governance fee is set for pools, governance is minted rTokens with each swap. However if the fees are burned due to snipping attacks, governance will keep those minted rTokens and also profit from the increased valuation of the rTokens. This leads to fees being higher than they should be.

## Vulnerability Detail

[Pool.sol#L467-L472](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/Pool.sol#L467-L472)

    if (cache.rTotalSupply != 0) {
      if (cache.governmentFee > 0) _mint(cache.feeTo, cache.governmentFee);
      if (cache.lpFee > 0) _mint(address(this), cache.lpFee);
      poolData.reinvestLLast = cache.reinvestLLast;
      poolData.feeGrowthGlobal = cache.feeGrowthGlobal;
    }

If a government fee exists on a pool then part of all rTokens will be minted to the governance specified address. However when the pool is snip attacked these corresponding shares are not burned causing effective government fees to be higher than intended. 

[AntiSnipAttackPositionManager.sol#L136-L142](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/AntiSnipAttackPositionManager.sol#L136-L142)

    pos.rTokenOwed += additionalRTokenOwed;
    pos.feeGrowthInsideLast = feeGrowthInsideLast;
    if (feesBurnable > 0) pool.burnRTokens(feesBurnable, true);

    pos.liquidity = tmpLiquidity - params.liquidity;

    emit RemoveLiquidity(params.tokenId, params.liquidity, amount0, amount1, additionalRTokenOwed);

When rTokens are burned as a result of the snip attack safeguards the corresponding rTokens minted to the government fee recipient are not burned. Take the following example: Assume government fee = 20% and there are currently 100 rTokens. 100 tokens are minted during a snipping attack. This gives government 20 rTokens and the attacker 80. The attacker withdraws immediately, causing their 80 rTokens to be burned. After the attack the fee recipient now has 20 additional rTokens (20% fee) as well as as the 1/6th (16%) of the resulting rToken appreciation causing an effective 36% fee.

## Impact

Governance receives too many fees in the event of a snipping attack if fees are enabled

## Code Snippet

[AntiSnipAttackPositionManager.sol#L94-L143](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/AntiSnipAttackPositionManager.sol#L94-L143)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Burn the corresponding amount of rTokens from the fee recipient as well