Radiant Fuchsia Snake

medium

# Repeatedly adding dust liquidity to a position can be used to DOS it
## Summary

Adding liquidity to any token is permissionless. Due to a quirk of how lockTime is calculated, adding even a single wei of liquidity will increase lockTime by 1 second. Repeatedly adding liquidity allows lockTime to be pushed 1 second AHEAD of current time which will lead to any further calls temporarily reverting. This can be used to DOS the token, preventing it from adding or removing any liquidity. This tactic can be used to DOS large liquidity providers (such as integrating protocols) during times a high volatility, to materially damage the LP via forced impermanent loss.

## Vulnerability Detail

[AntiSnipAttack.sol#L120-L128](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/libraries/AntiSnipAttack.sol#L120-L128)

    if (isAddLiquidity) {
      self.lockTime = Math
      .ceilDiv(
        Math.max(_self.lockTime, currentTime - vestingPeriod) *
          uint256(currentLiquidity) +
          uint256(uint128(liquidityDelta)) *
          currentTime,
        updatedLiquidity
      ).toUint32();

Whenever liquidity is added to a position, lockTime is updated using the above math. This utilizes ceilDiv when calculating, which always rounds up. The result is that even adding a single wei of liquidity will cause self.lockTime to increase by 1 second. This can be spammed repeatedly to inch up the lock. Eventually, lockTime can even be increase to be larger than currentTime. 

[AntiSnipAttack.sol#L72-L75](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/libraries/AntiSnipAttack.sol#L72-L75)

      uint256 feesClaimableSinceLastActionFeeUnits = Math.min(
        C.FEE_UNITS,
        (uint256(currentTime - _self.lockTime) * C.FEE_UNITS) / vestingPeriod
      );

This causes the following lines to underflow and revert, which DOS's that token, preventing any deposits or withdrawals. As explained above this can material damage the user(s) being attacked.

## Impact

Temporary DOS leading to loss to LP

## Code Snippet

[AntiSnipAttack.sol#L49-L132](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/libraries/AntiSnipAttack.sol#L49-L132)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use min to prevent self.lockTime from exceeding current time