Quick Chocolate Swift

medium

# Risk of reuse of signatures across forks due to lack of chainID validation
## Summary
At construction, the ERC721Permit contract computes the domain separator using the network’s chainID, which is fixed at the time of deployment. In the event of a post-deployment chain fork, the chainID cannot be updated, and the signatures may be replayed across both versions of the chain.

## Vulnerability Detail
An attacker could reuse signatures to receive user funds on both chains. If a change in the chainID is detected, the domain separator can be cached and regenerated.

```solidity
constructor(
    string memory name_,
    string memory symbol_,
    string memory version_
  ) ERC721(name_, symbol_) {
    bytes32 _nameHash = keccak256(bytes(name_));
    bytes32 _versionHash = keccak256(bytes(version_));
    nameHash = _nameHash;
    versionHash = _versionHash;
    DOMAIN_SEPARATOR = keccak256(
      abi.encode(
        // keccak256('EIP712Domain(string name,string version,uint256 chainId,address verifyingContract)')
        0x8b73c3c69bb8fe3d512ecc4cf759cc79239f7b179b0ffacaa9a75d522b39400f,
        _nameHash,
        _versionHash,
        _getChainId(),
        address(this)
      )
    );
  }
```
Exploit scenario:
Bob holds tokens worth $1,000 on Ethereum. Bob has submitted a signature to permit Eve to spend those tokens on his behalf. When the London hard fork is executed, a subset of the community declines to implement the upgrade. As a result, there are two parallel chains with the same chainID, and Eve can use Bob’s signature to transfer funds on both chains.

## Impact
If there is ever a hardfork(KyberSwap will be deployed on multiple chains, increasing the risk of forking on any of them) then DOMAIN_SEPARATOR value will become invalid. This is because the chainId parameter is computed in constructor. This means even after hard fork chainId would remain same which is incorrect and could cause possible replay attacks

Also the use of EIP 2612 increases the risk of permit function front-running as well as phishing attacks.
EIP 2612 makes it easier for an attacker to steal a user’s tokens through phishing by asking for signatures in a context unrelated to the Advanced Blockchain contracts. The hash message may look benign and random to users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/base/ERC721Permit.sol#L61
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/base/ERC721Permit.sol#L106

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Detect chainID changes and regenerate the domain separator when necessary, or add the chainID opcode to the signature schema.