Sleepy Carob Mongoose

high

# Inheritance Misuse Leading to Unauthorized Token Withdrawals
## Summary
The BasePositionManager contract, due to its inheritance from the LiquidityHelper contract, inadvertently gains public access to potentially vulnerable functions, refundEth and unwrapWeth. These functions lack access control mechanisms and are not overridden in the BasePositionManager, posing a risk of unauthorized token withdrawals.

## Vulnerability Detail
In Solidity, when a contract inherits from another contract, it gains access to its public and internal functions. In this specific context, the BasePositionManager inherits from LiquidityHelper. The LiquidityHelper contract, in turn, inherits from RouterTokenHelper, which exposes two functions, refundEth and unwrapWeth. These functions, while seemingly designed for internal logic within the RouterTokenHelper, are public and lack access control.

The issue arises because neither BasePositionManager nor LiquidityHelper override these functions to introduce necessary access controls. This means that any external actor can potentially call these functions on the BasePositionManager contract, leading to unauthorized withdrawal of tokens.

## Impact
Unauthorized Withdrawals: Malicious actors can exploit the exposed functions to withdraw ETH or Wrapped ETH from the contract, leading to potential financial loss for the contract's stakeholders.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
contract BasePositionManager is
  IBasePositionManager,
  Multicall,
  ERC721Permit('KyberSwap v2 NFT Positions Manager', 'KS2-NPM', '1'),
  LiquidityHelper
```
```solidity
abstract contract LiquidityHelper is IMintCallback, RouterTokenHelper {
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/base/RouterTokenHelper.sol#L31-L48

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Override with Access Control: Override the refundEth and unwrapWeth functions in the BasePositionManager contract and add necessary access controls or modifiers to ensure only authorized users or contracts can invoke them.