Sleepy Carob Mongoose

high

# Misleading Token Transfer Mechanism in _transferTokens Method
## Summary
The _transferTokens method in the RouterTokenHelper contract exhibits misleading behavior when the specified token is WETH. The function neglects the sender argument, directly leaning on the contract's ETH balance instead of relying on a transferFrom mechanism to move WETH from the specified sender to a recipient. This design flaw opens the door for a malicious user to bypass depositing funds and exploit any available contract funds for personal gain.

## Vulnerability Detail
The _transferTokens method contains a check: if the token is WETH and the contract's balance in ETH is sufficient, it deposits the ETH to obtain WETH and then transfers it. This behavior bypasses the traditional transferFrom mechanism, which is expected in token transfers, and completely ignores the sender argument. A malicious actor can exploit this by intentionally not depositing ETH but still invoking the function, effectively using any available ETH balance in the contract for their own benefit.

## Impact
Unauthorized Fund Usage: A malicious user can leverage the contract's ETH balance without making a deposit, leading to potential unauthorized use of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-kyber-swap/blob/main/ks-elastic-sc/contracts/periphery/base/RouterTokenHelper.sol#L50-L63

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify _transferTokens to Handle ETH Correctly: If the token is WETH and the sender is certain whitelisted contract, use the contract's ETH balance. If the sender is not a whitelisted contract, use the transferFrom mechanism to transfer WETH from the sender.
```solidity
function _transferTokens(
    address token,
    address sender,
    address recipient,
    uint256 tokenAmount
) internal {
    if (token == WETH) {
        if (isWhitelisted(sender) && address(this).balance >= tokenAmount) {
            IWETH(WETH).deposit{value: tokenAmount}();
            IWETH(WETH).transfer(recipient, tokenAmount);
        } else {
            require(IERC20(WETH).transferFrom(sender, recipient, tokenAmount), "WETH transfer failed");
        }
    } else {
        require(IERC20(token).transferFrom(sender, recipient, tokenAmount), "Token transfer failed");
    }
}

function isWhitelisted(address _address) internal view returns (bool) {
    // Implement logic to check if an address is whitelisted
    return whitelist[_address];
}

```